Update Blazor Templates #13200 (#13536)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/host-and-deploy/blazor/client-side.md

A *hosted deployment* serves the Blazor client-side app to browsers from an [ASP.NET Core app](xref:index) that runs on a web server.

> The Blazor app is included with the ASP.NET Core app in the published output so that the two apps are deployed together. A web server that is capable of hosting an ASP.NET Core app is required. For a hosted deployment, Visual Studio includes the **Blazor WebAssembly App** project template (`blazorwasm` template when using the [dotnet new](/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-new) command) with the **Hosted** option set to true.

Reviewer: Since most devs probably will use VS ... *guessing on that* ... shouldn't it just say "selected"? I ask because it's rare in our doc set to say "set to true" when a check box is selected. If so ...

```suggestion
The Blazor app is included with the ASP.NET Core app in the published output so that the two apps are deployed together. A web server that is capable of hosting an ASP.NET Core app is required. For a hosted deployment, Visual Studio includes the **Blazor WebAssembly App** project template (`blazorwasm` template when using the [dotnet new](/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-new) command) with the **Hosted** option selected.
```
